---
layout: post
title: The story of Amanda, Joi, and George
pubdate: 2014-07-05
author: Brian Boyko, Deputy CTO
comments: true
---

### I said to Aaron Lifshin: "Why do we always have to cut these things so damn close?"

There is no doubt in my mind that while the demand was there for reform, at a certain point, these all-or-nothing crowdfunding deadlines come down to a numbers game: *X number of visitors per hour times H hours left times Y percentage of visitors who pledge times the average pledge size...*

On July 3rd, all the numbers said we wouldn't make it.  

And two days before the deadline, Prof. Lessig had this to say:

> "This isn't a Hollywood movie... [We] can't move the deadline - every contribution is a contract."

We were not pessimistic. We intended to fight for the end. But it looked like we needed that last minute Hollywood miracle - a deus ex machina in the third act.  

### That miracle came most directly from three people in particular, strangely enough, from Hollywood. 

First is a volunteer - Amanda Dickau. She is a production associate on small-budget movies.  She knew one thing that we didn't - the email for "Team Takei," George Takei's social media team.  She wrote in to tell us about that. 

We had been trying to reach Takei, naturally, but lacked this crucial piece of information until just then.  

And so I wrote a letter at about 3 a.m. (CST) on July 4th to Team Takei, figuring that it was too late, but no one was going to give up.  

We got a letter back at around 10 a.m. from Jay Kuo, who works with Mr. Takei. Once he had confirmed we were a non-partisan movement, we talked for a bit and he sent along the information to George Takei. 

### And Mr. Takei tweeted and facebooked.  

I believe that to have made the difference.  Had Amanda not reached us, had Jay not forwarded our e-mail to Mr. Takei, had Mr. Takei not used his amazing megaphone to fight on our side... then we probably would not have made it.  Full stop.  

To give you an idea of the amplification Mr. Takei's voice made, on the morning of July 4th, our largest number of concurrent users was around 750.  After Mr. Takei's posting, that shot up to around 4,000. And we ran the math again - this time, we knew we were going to make it. 

This is not to say that there weren't other people without whom we couldn't reach victory. Special thanks has to go to [Cory Doctorow, who gave us our first big social media push](http://boingboing.net/2014/05/01/mayday-larry-lessig-launches.html), our celebrity endorsers [Jason Alexander](https://mayday.us/jason-alexander/) and [Joseph Gordon-Levitt](https://mayday.us/jgl/), our friend and technologicial guru [Steve Wozniak](https://mayday.us/internethasasuperpac/), to the people on our Facebook group and those on our [/r/MaydayPAC subreddit](http://maydaypac.reddit.com/), and everyone who shared, created, and got us to a point where a miracle really did put us over the top. 

But I just want to say this one thing.  If you **ever** think that your voice doesn't matter in American politics.  If you ever think that that's a reason to withdraw instead of speak out... just remember that together we all performed a miracle yesterday and all thanks to one person writing the right email to the right person at the right time.  

### Thank you, Amanda, Jay, and George, for your help today.  

